# Overview

Seventy years in the future things are grim. The world has been ravaged by war, dust thrown in to the atmosphere has caused the earth to cool, and the oceans to retreat. The world has split in to several mega-states, one of them being the Oceanic Alliance, covering south east Asia, Australia and New Zealand. The capital and main focus of the Oceanic Alliance is "The Met", a vast city on Australia's eastern seaboard.

Aarna, Ryan and Jack are three wanted criminals. All three were former agents of the BSO (Bureau for Social Order), and all were implicated in a successful plot to kill  Brant Borsch, a corrupt politician and powerbroker who was running a slave ring. The three are on the run, trying to lie low in some of the seedier parts of the city, but they just can't seem to escape enough to be safe. After almost getting caught, and after a firefight with their pursuers, they decide to leave.

Initially they head in to the mountains to the west of the city, and Ryan attempts to contact someone in an outlaw gang called the BlueCrew. The mountains are safe, but cold, and after their failed meeting with the BlueCrew leader, they head over the other side into the agricultural area on the other side. Over this side everything is automated, including the security, so they must cautiously work their way through, and stay ahead of their pursuers, but they fail, and are caught. Jack's betrayal is made known, and he is freed. Realising his mistake, and seeing the treatment of Aarna by Mandrell, he decides to go to the BlueCrew and ask for their help, but not before Kate catches him leaving where they are staying. She agrees to help, rather than hinder. The BlueCrew arrive and attacks. Burke and the Maelstrom mercenaries up and leave as the fighting breaks out, forcing the MetSec forces to back off. 

After their rescue, Aarna and Ryan are given time to recover. Aarna gets off the worst of the drugs, and heals. They plan an attack on the city to get to parliament, and in front of the media, and expose the darkness at the heart of the city. They co-opt the identities of "The Invisible", a fake terrorist group created by Brant Borsch to justify arming up the domestic police forces. With this in hand they go back in to the city, hitching a ride on an ag train. They sneak their way through, aided by Kate, who is caught hacking the city surviellance system. She is arrested and the team must break her out. In the process Aarna fights Mandrell and kills him, but not before Jack is killed by Mandrell. Events keep escalating and they decide to get to parliament before the city is locked down. They make it, and expect to find resistance, but all they find is Burke, who lets them pass. They make it in, show their evidence, whilst holding parliament hostage, only to be joined by Rupert Mael, the CEO of Maelstrom, who has Burke "arrest" Aarna, Kate and Ryan, and that they are needed elsewhere, their mission here being complete, there will be an election, the corruption will be purged.
